1/5/25

Today way my first full day back at ucla. Yesterday was really pretty hectic, I wrote my New Year’s resolutions on the plane over. I drove to the airport for the first time, that was cool. I miss my brother and my parents antics. Here at ucla I spent a good amount of time cleaning and reorganizing, my areas feel less cluttered today. Laundry still sucks balls. Hannah is full of energy, it really is about of fun spending time with her. Tonight I got to see Dhruva again and get dinner at Bplate, afterwards I went and did the presentations with the group. They were warning me that my plan when/if I see Shayla wouldn’t go well.

I enjoyed listening to everyone’s presentation, but there were times where I felt all the yapping was too much. They’re aware I’m a guy and while they’re super open and welcoming I wonder if they prefer I wasn’t there. I think I should ask.


It’s time to to go to bed, very full day today. Campus is beautiful, I need to work on my resule , tomorrow will be very busy.

1/7/25

I am writing this one week after the fact. I didn’t realize it at the time but this next week would be the craziest at UCLA by far. Here we go.



The started off pretty good, I woke up very early (6:30 AM) to got to UCLA triathlon spin session 7-8:30. After spending some time searching for the room, I managed to find it. I am completely out of shape.I could barley maintain 150 wats 85 rpm and after words I felt nasueas and sick. I ended up skipping 9AM diff eq discussion. Later that day I got in my feelings. I tried working on my resume but nothing really worked out. I texted Gary, he didn’t respond and I felt sad. I still had a minor cough.After some napping, I woke up and sway pushed me to go to basketball game. I went with Hannah, she hadn’t eaten all day and was very hungry.  Outisded there was a crazy windstorm, a huge tree fell on bruin walk campus. Didn’t worry too much at the time. Then I got a text from Julian. Apparently they were in the airport. Their flight would be landing soon After the basketball game (we lost against Umich but it was still very fun, met Joe bruin and got court side seats), Hannah and I ran to 1919 to get pizza. There I found a free hat blowing in the wind.

I met up with Sabah and abbie, and we were yapping. And then Vee calls me, they were here. I leave Hannahs group to go hang out with them and shenanigans began. We figure out a way to surprise Jax. Show up in his dorm lmao. We walk around campus at night and then vee and Julian crash in my dorm.


The morning was really funny cuz all of 5 us were in the dorm. Julian decided to sleep in and didn’t come to my diff eq class. I went to class and then met up with them after. We toured different parts of campus and then got epic together. Campus had an orange glow to it because of the fires. It also smelled smoky, reminded me of fires in 2018 and 2021.

Epicurus was mid but then I had to go another class so I’ll meet them later.

Later that day we were together again where we played basketball with Ishaan and Seay. Me Jax Ishaan got cooked but it was still fun. My foot was still bothering. We jumped the fence to get in lol.

I left early to go the acm general meeting but it was moved online. I tried working on my resume but didn’t really get much done.


I am still unable to really work on my career. I’m definitely afraid of failing and that’s one of the reasons I’m not working but I’m sure something else is at play. I should just focus on today.

Okay moving on:

Dinner was where the craziness really started. People started evacuating ucla because the fires were getting close. Bplate was the busiest I have ever seen it. I had a very rushed dinner with Vareanne and here the idea of renting an uber to drive to ucsd born.


After a 30 hectic minutes of communicating. I was going to ucsd with Jax and vee and Julian. We packed our bags booked our uber and got to lax. At the car rental company we got scammed cuz we need 19 year old with CREDIT card and Jax did not have one yet. We were forced to go back to ucla. We ended the night by playing card games with Vareanne. Hannah said Blake could drive me tomorrow at 4 PM. I said yes. That was not what happened.


